Add Redis monitoring check at Step 5 (#177)
play-with-docker/play-with-docker.github.io: _posts/2018-09-22-microservice-orchestration.markdown

Now, that all three services are up, access the web interface by [clicking the Link Extractor](/){:data-term=".term1"}{:data-port="80"}.
There should be no visual difference from the previous step.

> However, if you extract links from a page with a lot of links, the first time it should take longer, but the successive attempts to the same page should return the response fairly quickly. To check whether or not the Redis service is being used, we use `docker-compose exec` followed by the `redis` service name and the Redis CLI's [Monitor](https://redis.io/commands/monitor) command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, if you extract links from a page with a lot of links, the first time it should take longer, but the successive attempts to the same page should return the response fairly quickly.
To check whether or not the Redis service is being utilized, we can use `docker-compose exec` followed by the `redis` service name and the Redis CLI's [monitor](https://redis.io/commands/monitor) command:
```

I have followed one line per sentence convention when writing this Markdown file for better diffs. The above inline suggestion takes care of that and some minor changes in the sentence. You can either [incorporate these suggestions](https://help.github.com/en/articles/incorporating-feedback-in-your-pull-request) or make necessary changes yourself.

Now, that all three services are up, access the web interface by [clicking the Link Extractor](/){:data-term=".term1"}{:data-port="80"}.
There should be no visual difference from the previous step.
However, if you extract links from a page with a lot of links, the first time it should take longer, but the successive attempts to the same page should return the response fairly quickly.
To check whether or not the Redis service is being utilized, we can use `docker-compose exec` followed by the `redis` service name and the Redis CLI's [monitor](https://redis.io/commands/monitor) command:

```.term1
docker-compose exec redis redis-cli monitor
```

> To leave the interactive shell and continue with the rest of the tutorial, use SIGINT (Ctrl-C) to stop the `monitor` stream running via `redis-cli`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, try to extract links from some web pages using the web interface and see the difference in Redis log entries for pages that are scraped the first time and those that are repeated.
Before continuing further with the tutorial, stop the interactive `monitor` stream as a result of the above `redis-cli` command by pressing `Ctrl + C` keys while the interactive terminal is in focus.
```

Trying to simplify the instructions for beginners who might not know much about signals.
